Poirot , I exclaimed , with relief , and seizing him by both hands , I dragged him into the room . Poirot was now back and I was sorry that he
I 'm not into this Multivista stuff , because what is some dumpy system when compared to a beautiful hyperextension of the sun somewhere over Kuchara , when compared to the golden
They depended too heavily on the second great principle of contagion , and that seemed to be wrapped up with some kind of association through the signs and houses and the courses
However , my confidence in him , which at one time had rather waned , was fully restored since his belief in Alfred Inglethorp 's innocence had been so triumphantly vindicated .
The company once assembled , Poirot rose from his seat with the air of a popular lecturer , and bowed politely to his audience . Poirot rose from his seat , bowed
The doctors office was a terrible place and he wanted out .
In the violet shade of morning , Ca'daan saw Adrin standing on the dunes in sword practice . Adrin was lost in the night as a swordsman chased after him that many
I explained that I was afraid of obliterating any foot-marks . I did n't say anything when he asked me that question .
He thought about ways to achieve this life goal for a long time , which means until he learned the basics of text editing , which happened at his first job at
I have done my best to target unpopulated areas at unpopulated times , but the guilt still weights heavy on my soul . ' Many people have died even though the areas
Had that piquant gipsy face been at the bottom of the crime , or was it 73 the baser mainspring of money ? Was that gipsy face responsible for the crime against
119 Cynthia was back from the hospital , and I placed my chair beside her , and told her of Poirot 's wish to visit the dispensary . Poirot talked to Cynthia
Jon ran behind a building not yet aflame , the house where Susan had stayed a few days earlier , and prayed to any god who might be listening that they would
This is very sad news , but you will excuse me if I say that I do not see how it bears on the subject of your inquiry ? The inquiry is
Locked up in the desk in the boudoir , they found a will of Mrs. Inglethorp 's , dated before her marriage , leaving her fortune to Alfred Inglethorp . They found
In the general relief at Inglethorp 's approaching departure , we had the most genial breakfast we had experienced since the tragedy . We held a friendly morning meal , one of
Perfectly sickening the way those brass hats drove from the War Office to the Savoy , and from the Savoy to the War Office ! The hats from the War Office were
In between was a column of riders , lighting fast and able to cleave into any resistance the two groups of foot soldiers ran into . Between the light , there were
Mainly owing to the mater 's activities . The village of Styles St. Mary was situated about two miles from the little station , and Styles Court lay a mile the other
Just before tea , I strolled down to tell Poirot of the new disappointment , but found , to my annoyance , that he was once more out . Poirot has returned
An ' th ' stolen Mex hosses , they 's drove up here an ' maybe sold to some of th ' same fellas what lost th ' others . They sold
Sir Ernest Heavywether made short work of her , and under his unmerciful bullying she contradicted herself hopelessly , and Sir Ernest sat down again with a satisfied smile on his face
For a moment , there seemed to be a touch of friendliness and respect in them , but there was something else that Hanson liked far less . Their imposing manner did
I think it 's worked , ' she said about a month later before going out to a club , and her father had a vague impression that there were more or
You need not think that any fear of publicity , or scandal between husband and wife will deter me . ' Then I thought I heard them coming out , so I
I have found it hard to forgive the things you said against my dear husband but I am an old woman & very fond of you Yours affectionately , Emily Inglethorpe 79
' I do hope you will come around to seeing things my way . ' There was a subtle threat in her voice as she said ' I believe you will come
All those stories of Apaches weaseling into touching distance of the guard at the Stronghold .... Why , only last year the younger Rivas boy had had his throat slit out in
He was under order to not have any contact with the three travelers unless he was afraid of an attack .
Miss Cowley had n't been lured away by a false telegram .
Somebody from the future -- this could never be the past -- had somehow pulled him out just ahead of the accident , apparently ; or else he 'd been deep frozen
International donations are gratefully accepted , but we can not make any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from outside the United States . You have to pay more in taxes
You 'll see what I mean . '' The throb of the motor came through the open window , and Miss Howard rose and moved to the door . The engine could
He was worried that any other yogurt would ruin his experiments .
You rode with the Rebs and it makes me so mad !
In answer to the Coroner 's questions , he explained that he was a qualified pharmacist , but had only recently come to this particular shop , as the assistant formerly there
Then he took it out , shut 182 the drawer , walked slowly over to an arm-chair , and sat down still staring at the photograph in his hand . The photograph
He considered sending San'doro to find out what had happened but the air shattered to the east and a body and horse fell hard to the crunch of bone on stone .
A grey limousine on which they had set high hopes was traced to Harrogate , and turned out to be the property of a highly respectable maiden lady ! A highly respectable
Those overseers wo n't feed us because it takes time and wastes food ; they let us die and then have us dragged back for more work . Those overseers always give
I think I might buy a cheap car and start up my own driving service businesses , maybe I 'll make some good money .
For a minute Tuppence thought she was going to spring upon her , which would have placed the girl in an unpleasant dilemma , since she meant to draw the line at
And , on behalf of the Yard , I 'm much obliged to you , though I 'm bound to confess I ca n't at present see the faintest possible loop-hole in
Do you remember affirming that if a crime had been committed , and anyone you loved had been murdered , 107 you felt certain that you would know by instinct who the
If only Susan could read the visions of such a rock , what might they learn of them ? If Susan had the ability to read the visions of the rock ,
The Casa Grande of the Stronghold was a high-ceilinged , five-room building about sixty feet long , the kitchen making a right angle to the other rooms and joining the smoke house
It had rained two weeks ago and the capacity of the university 's drainage system was the same now as back in AD 1459 . It had snowed a few days ago
Everybody was impressed , and one man 's eyelid even ticked a little , because he did n't realize that the speaker of this witty comments was n't Czarek , but one
I thought of the white-haired old lady in the big house , and that vivid wicked little face that had just smiled into ours , and a vague chill of foreboding crept
What so ? So , this Jacek , he walks around and says he has only one woman . Jacek was lying about having only one woman , he met up with
It did not strike you as peculiar that a famous London doctor should bury himself in a little village like this , and should be in the habit of walking about at
In a couple of days the wagon train would head on north to Tucson , but now the activity in the plaza was a mixture of market day and fiesta . They
Dave Hanson , he cried sharply , `` by the unfailing power of your name which is all of you , I hold you in my mind and your throat is in
'Uh , I think maybe I 'll get something to eat and we can do this later- ' I started to babble , stepping out of the bath . I got out
That went quick , he already had a tried and true mix of additives , preservatives , and stabilizers ready , which had always worked just fine . That was quick since
But your remembrance of the history , the past , the events shepherding you all the way through yesterday toward today- that is important . This is less imporatnt - what you
As she stood there , with her honest face upturned to mine , I thought what a fine specimen she was of the old-fashioned servant that is so fast dying out .
You get us a working Franklin in two weeks , and we 'll pretend everything is happening exactly as it should . There was a deadline imposed to get Franklin working in
You 're too weak to control the salamander , but this was done well in the emergency . You do n't have the strength to tell the salamander what to do ,
The words Sather Karf had been intoning came to a sudden stop , even before they could be drowned in the shouts of shock and panic from the others . Sather Karf
They mounted up and rode hard in the crags , down into the valley and two days later they came to Fena Dim . They were going to Fena Dim to attend
If you struggle or cry out , I 'll shoot you like a dog . '' The rim of steel pressed a little harder against the girl 's temple . He threatened
The low beetling brows , and the criminal jaw , the bestiality of the whole countenance were new to the young man , though he was a type that Scotland Yard would
They had sought through other worlds and ages for anyone with a reputation as a builder , engineer or construction genius , without screening the probability of finding an answer . It
Yes , sir , it was put in her room every evening , and she warmed it up in the night , whenever she fancied it . Something was put in her
Back here in Tubacca he was conscious how much he had allowed his personal affairs to drift from day to day . His reconciliation with the locals had left him little time
The rooms were also equipped with the newest four-processor multi-media computers - two per student , to teach him divided attention in a modern battle field simulation . None of the rooms
He walked about my apartment like the king of a very small castle . He walked around my apartment like he owned the place , treating it like his kingdom that he
Aside from the Egyptian headdress , the pudgy man wore an ill-fitted grey suit .
I was anxious to get hold of John , but he was nowhere to be seen . I wanted to talk to John , but I could n't find him .
I am to take it then that you decline to say where you were at the time that Mr. Mace positively recognized you as entering the shop to purchase strychnine ? So
I want a few words with you , Mr. Julius Hersheimmer . '' 204 Chapter 25 Jane 's Story HER arm through Jane 's , dragging her along , Tuppence reached the
There may be trouble with the A.S.E . '' For a long time there was a silence , broken only by the rustle of papers and an occasional word of explanation from
What do you make of the fact that all the doors of the bedroom were bolted on the inside ? '' What do you think about the fact that no one could
Vice-president Kenzo ( Gonzo was good , but definitely too harsh , and this was not the image he was aiming for ) quickly established himself at the new company by hiring
They do n't leave no more trail than an ant steppin ' high , 'less they want you should foller them into a nice ambush as they has all figgered out .
One of the front riders drew a large curved scimitar and the other pulled a short spear from a quiver of them on the side of his saddle . Neither of the
The bag was already ready and Denise handed it to the passenger quickly enough for the contents to land weightlessly inside the bag , and not outside . Denise was too slow
My friends here , ' I gestured vaguely at Natalia , 'my friends from the Salmon Corp will no doubt have some scientific evidence for those of you with inquiring minds .
If she shrieked for help there was very little chance of anyone hearing her , whereas there was probably quite a good chance of Mrs. Vandemeyer 's shooting her . Mrs. Vandemeyer
I looked into his eyes that looked wise and mercurial , but knowing him I knew this to be untrue .
Then , jus ' as I got so I could stamp m ' boots on th ' ground an ' expect to stand straight up in 'em , this here Yankee patrol
But to my knowledge he never held a commission from the South , and he is nothing but an outlaw trading on the unsettled state of the territory . He was like
The sun was red and bright in the sky .
In his third vision Jon saw Adrin moving east until he saw the flank of the riders . Jon had many visions , his third one of Adrin moving east until he
I 'm not proposing to kill you this trip that is , if you 're reasonable . '' The Russian quailed before the stern menace in the other 's eyes . The
The doctor no longer practiced , had retired , the landlord believed , but he took a few private patients here the good fellow tapped his forehead knowingly `` balmy ones !
The constriction came from an arm around his neck , but he could n't see to whom it belonged , and there was no place to move aside in the corner of
One held the other by the ankles and pushed the creature 's hairy face back and forth , while its hands spread the wax ahead of it . The creature being pushed
Then the war .... The withdrawal of the army , the invasion of Sibley 's Confederate forces which had reached this far in the persons of Howard 's Arizona Rangers and most
Do n't go borrowin ' trouble nor try to cross a river till you git th ' water lappin ' at your boots . '' 9 `` Times is gittin ' better
I am saying and making it plain : If you make a steady practice of trading punches with a trooper or with any one else because you take a dislike to his
Stomp all over us ... that 's what you Rebs has been promisin ' to do , ai n't it ? What you Rebs want to do , is eradicate our way
There 's really no way for me to know , and I certainly do n't want to act without a better idea of the situation . ' White bit his lip ,
And , if that were so , was it not also possible that she might have taken her own life ? With no evidence it is not conclusive how and where she
Having in his turn failed to persuade Tuppence to go to bed , he said decisively : `` At any rate , you 've got to have something to eat right away
Or had he been left alone to enjoy a nice wolf-free picnic by the lake ?
The planets and the moon -- '' `` Ignorance was bad enough , '' Ser Perth interrupted in amazement . `` I do n't see why this is such a problem to
The principal did n't consider the rapid development of multi-player type games , where the users play with each other on the internet , mostly in the evening . Multi-player games are
Wonder now did it maybe go back into a shield agin afterward ? `` He gazed beyond Drew 's shoulder into the world outside the cantina door . He looked directly into
I do n't mean to be glib about your concerns , but if I were you , I might be more concerned about the near-term rate implications of this $ 1 .
States must show reasonable progress in their state implementation plans toward the congressionally mandated goal of returning to natural conditions in national parks and wilderness areas . Itis not necessary for there
The rule contains information collection requirements which will allow EPA to determine that detergent additives which are effective in controlling deposits are used and that emission control goals are realized . The
When the trust fund begins running cash deficits in 2016 , the government as a whole must come up with the cash to finance Social Security 's cash deficit by reducing any
These organizations invest the time and effort to understand their processes and how those processes contribute to or hamper mission accomplishment . These organizations invest lots of time to understand how some
According to the Office of the Actuary at the Health Care Financing Administration , the estimated net present value of future additional resources needed to fund HI benefits alone over the 75
Thus , with respect to the litigation services Congress has funded , there is no alternative channel for expression of the advocacy Congress seeks to restrict . This is the only channel
Analyzing Postal Service accounts for depreciation , fuel , and maintenance for city delivery carriers , we have estimated the average city delivery vehicle cost per route . Driving cost estimates can
Although your journey is going to be difficult and at times you will doubt yourselves , the benefits to clients are well worth it and the satisfaction of hearing even the most
It might have seemed like manna from heaven - up to thousands of dollars dropping , often unexpectedly , into the hands of a half-million Kentucky and Indiana residents this month .
If the GAO has to report on the progress , the recommendations will be much poorer quality .
The rule requires broadcasters to maintain a file for public inspection containing a Children 's Television Programming Report and to identify programs specifically designed to educate and inform children at the beginning
This is like using the postition as a banker to help make regulations better for the public .
Also , compensation committees need to understand the implications of compensation to provide incentives for management to do the right thing for the company and its shareholders versus themselves . The implications
So , I went to court by myself and told them the truth , but it did n't do me any good . I went and told the truth at court but
According to this executive , the town hall meetings helped improve his customer satisfaction levels because veterans identified the concerns that were most important to them , gained direct access to the
The With attorneys one year out of graduate school facing an average debt of just less than $ 90,000 and starting salaries at legal aid organizations averaging $ 31,000 , they could
Critical to the product development process were activities that enabled the capture of specific design and manufacturing knowledge and decision reviews to determine if the knowledge captured would support the increased investment
National saving represents resources available for investment to replace old factories and equipment and to buy more and better capital goods . Old factories and equipment were never replaces , even when
Federal finance organizations are the best source of information for program managers .
In 2000 , GNP was less than GDP because income receipts from the rest of the world were less than U.S. payments to the rest of the world . The US paid
Due to this rationalization of delivery cost in the U.S. , the postal densities of the most sparsely populated areas are higher than the densities of the most sparsely populated areas of
The production of anhydrous ammonia in the U.S. in 2000 was approximately 17,400,000 tons ( equivalent anhydrous ) with apparent consumption of 22,000,000 tons and about 4,600,000 met through net imports ,
The Commission is unwilling to recommend an interpretation of the statute that produces such consequences , absent an express congressional intent that such burdens be imposed . Unless congress expresses an intent
Currently OASI and DI make payments to that Account , and HI receives payment . The Account is the easiest way to keep track of payments made by OASI and DI on
However , I believe that additional actions by the board and AICPA management will be needed to restore trust and confidence in the Institute over the longer-term . Trust and confidence in
There are nonetheless a number of practices and alternative strategies that senior executives in leading organizations use to help define and institute their CIO positions to effectively meet business needs . There
There 's a sort of bidding war going on , with law schools offering ever-increasing financial packages -- most of it loans , said Dean Glen . No one really cares about
Comments regarding enforcement issues and questions raised by the regulated industry were addressed by EPA in four Detergent Rule Question and Answer Documents . All the issues and questions raised by the
5 billion , but households ' wealth declined by nearly $ 842 billion ( 2 percent ) largely as a result of the drop in the market value of households ' stock
Although a great deal of attention has been paid to the wealth effect from the stock market boom of the 1990s , half of American households did not own stocks as of
Moreover , the realignment will help us to enhance our longterm capacity by improving recruitment and retention ; building a succession plan ; focusing on emerging issues ; and leveraging technology opportunities
Acidic deposition or acid rain occurs when SO2 and NOx in the atmosphere react with water , oxygen , and oxidants to form acidic compounds . Water and nitrogen in the atmosphere
According to HUD staff , after the Economic Analysis was submitted to OMB , HUD made changes in the Analysis to maintain its consistency with the rule , to which minor changes
In such circumstances , auditors may issue a limited official use report containing such information and distribute the report only to those parties responsible for acting on the auditors ' recommendations .
APHIS rejected the first alternative because it believed scientific evidence permitted importation of beef from Argentina under certain conditions and not permitting such importation would be contrary to trade agreements entered into
Sometimes such funds are devoted to retraining existing nontechnical personnel to supply them with IT expertise . Sometimes the funds are devoted to retraining existing nontechnical personnel so they understand how to
Given the assumptions and economic drivers in each of the scenarios , the AMIGA model calculates the capital investment , operation and maintenance , and fuel costs necessary to meet consumer demand
For Columns 5 though 8 , the only amounts that change in lines 1 and 2 , compared to columns 1 through 4 , are outbound attributable cost and inbound revenue .
In some states , it may be possible to develop and implement statewide initiatives to improve service delivery , increase resources , and enhance the capacity of the system to meet the
In this paper we examine the hypothesis that the cost model provides reasonable estimates of the unit costs of other posts of industrialized countries . It is n't possible to estimate costs
These laws emphasize involving senior executives in information management decisions , appointing senior-level chief information officers , and using performance measures to assess the contribution of technology in achieving mission results .
At least 25 of the policies were responsible for the growth of the residential sector .
I 'm in a huge , overwhelming sea of debt , said Jennifer Arons , 28 , a criminal defense staff attorney at Manhattan Legal Aid . Jennifer claims her debt is
As such , they were reviewed by OMB based on information supplied by the Departments , which included planned regulatory action documents describing the reason for the rules and an assessment of
plant that emits 0.1 pounds of mercury and a plant that emits 2000 pounds of mercury - regardless of cost - is neither efficient nor necessary . Plants that emit mercury are
As noted above , the LSC case count for 1999 includes all cases that meet LSC eligibility criteria , regardless of the funding mix of any particular grantee . The LSC included
Nor was a common start or end point identified for design review as an element of the facility acquisition process . A common start or end point was not identified in the
When he looks back a year from now , Rubin said he hopes the foundation has new programs , a higher profile and a rejuvenated board . Rubin does not want to
Adopting a unified approach to reduce SO2 , NOx and mercury is better than looking at each pollutant separately because of synergistic effects . Mercury , NOx , and SO2 are best
Longabaugh noted that new and creative interventions may be developed in the ED that the rest of the field will want to adapt and explore . Longabaugh is an investigative journalist with
Adrienne Worthy , executive director of Legal Aid , said her agency will receive $ 400,000 less in federal funds in 2003 , because the 2000 Census found 30,000 fewer poor people
Such a program , coupled with appropriate measures to address local concerns , would provide significant health benefits even as we increase energy supplies and maintain reasonable electricity rates . Significant health
An environmental expert may study the winds that flowed from the old Wingate landfill incinerator 's smokestacks , and identify wide areas where people may have been exposed to toxic chemicals .
It conducts numerous CLE accredited trainings each year , and coordinates bi-monthly statewide task force meetings in the areas of family , housing , public benefits , consumer , immigration and seniors
For example , one industry case study organization sponsors a 3-month course to retrain about 2,000 legacy employees in project management skills . One case study organization sponsors a course that lasts
It assumes for cost-of-service areas ( where most of power sales are likely to occur ) that allowance allocations will not alter pricing of electricity . Allowance allocations will definitely not alter
We also show how the advocate component of statewide websites promotes effective representation by sharing legal resources and expertise - generally a function of legal work supervisors . Legal work supervisors are
For years , Congress has been working to increase the effectiveness of information and technology management in the federal government . Congress has a special budget for information and technology management in
NJP operates CLEAR -- Coordinated Legal Education and Referral System -- to provide telephone and internet-based referral , advice , brief service , community legal education and intake services throughout the state
Our analysis of the Clear Skies Act includes a quantitative estimate of only two environmental recreational visibility and ozone effects on agriculture . A qualitative estimate of only two environmental recreational visibility
Analysis of this information revealed that no two of these organizations defined the design review process and its various elements in exactly the same manner . Many organizations have a radically different
They are heeding the call of a growing pool of law schools , which are for the first time pointing graduates in a new direction and teaching them how to get there
The law is very easy to understand , so representing yourself in court is the best way to win a case .
Adequate DO is maintained by replacing the air above the water in the bags with oxygen from a compressed gas cylinder , and sealing the bags or by use of an airstone
Greenhouse gas emissions should be addressed in the context of climate change , which is being undertaken by the President 's Cabinet level working group . Greenhouse gases and climate change are
Over the past two decades , Comart has seen the role of Pine Tree change in response to federal funding cuts and stricter regulations . The role of Pine Tree has changed
U. S. Army Corps of Engineers ( USACE ) , Construction Industry Institute ( CII ) ,3 and other FFC efforts , as well as others , to augment the study .
Under current law , LSC recipients may provide legal assistance to an alien if the alien is present in the United States and falls within one of several designated LSC recipients may
However , if it is obtained in order to engage the patient in treatment , the information is protected under the above federal regulations that require the express , written permission of
Since NOx emissions result in formation of ground-level ozone , reducing NOx emissions will reduce ozone levels and thus reduce the deleterious effects of ozone on human health and ecosystems . Reducing
The baseline heat input is the lowest annual heat input over 3 years .
Companies know that they have to deliver the best quality products quickly .
We recognize that federal agencies , including GAO , might be able to achieve some additional savings by taking more advantage of frequent flyer miles for government travel . GAO will end
Moreover , CBO 's inflated baseline assumes that discretionary spending-which is controlled through annual appropriations-will grow after 2002 at the rate of inflation . Moreover , CBO 's inflated baseline assumes that
The kiosk is an attempt at easing the flood of litigants unable , or refusing , to hire attorneys .
Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994 ( FASA ) ( Public Law 103-355 ) a This law requires agencies to define cost , schedule , and performance goals for federal acquisition programs
Once in production , programs will cut quantities to maintain funding or once fielded , they rely on the operations and maintenance budget to pay for reliability problems not solved in development
He also noted that any such upgrade would be a large and expensive effort , and that it was unclear when , if ever , hypertext links could be added to the
To give the reader a basis for judging the prevalence and consequences of these findings , the instances identified should be related to the population or the number of cases examined and
Professor Cleveland worked for two years ( 1994-1996 ) for Florida Legal Services as a Skadden Fellow , conducting civil impact litigation on behalf of Caribbean H-2A migrant farmworkers in the southeastern
Figure 6-3 compares the available boilermaker labor to the demand from the electric utility industry which includes the retrofits from the Clear Skies Act . Retrofits from the Clear Skies Act did
Therefore , discussion of some of the applications described here is based on relatively extensive field experience ( with questions in such domains as justice , education , welfare , environment ,
The Administration will not support any legislation that would cause a significant decline in our nation 's ability to use coal as a major source of current and future electricity . Legislation
Moreover , the U.S. and worldwide ammonia business is struggling because of slumping domestic demand and increased global capacity for the product and other nitrogen fertilizers derived from it , such as
The Legal Services Corporation Board of Directors adopted Resolution 98-011 , on November 16 , 1998 , providing authority to establish the Commission with the express purpose of studying the presence requirement
LSC requires its grantees in each state to work with each other and equal justice stakeholders to develop justice communities that best respond to clients ' most compelling needs , ensure the
Regardless of the timing of recording T and A data , management must have in place a system of control techniques that gives reasonable assurance that the recorded information reflects time worked
The information excluded was in regards to individuals who were working for the government in hostile areas .
Core competencies and supporting The agencies identified core competencies and supporting behaviors for senior executives to follow that are intended to contribute to their agencies ' achievement of performance goals . Agencies
It assumes for cost-of-service areas ( where most of power sales are likely to occur ) that allowance allocations will not alter pricing of electricity . Cost-of-services areas are areas where most
Fortunately for low-income Americans , all of their civil legal needs will be met free of charge .
This is the best way to represent Treasury debt .
Although merger discussions continued among the four programs , in March 2000 two of the programs did not vote in favor of the merger plan , and therefore the plan moved forward
Leading commercial companies have achieved more predictable outcomes from their product development processes because they identify and control design and manufacturing risks early and manage them effectively . Desirable outcomes are achieved
Suggestions on how to improve the current process were implemented and , as a result , LSC will be sending feedback letters to applicants that filed grant proposals for 2003 funding to
Although there may be several ways in which jobrelated mortality risks differ from air pollution-related mortality risks , the most important difference may be that job-related risks are incurred voluntarily , or
Exhibit 8 provides a summary of the base WTP values used to generate estimates of the economic value of avoided health effects for this analysis , adjusted to 1999 dollars , and
The act requires that auditors for each of the 24 departments and agencies named in the CFO Act report , as part of their annual audits of the agenciesa financial statements ,
At times in recent years , the office has received its state and federal funding on a month-to-month basis , which one federal official called one step short of defunding . The
It 's not that the questions they asked were n't interesting or legitimate ( though most did fall under the category of already asked and answered ) . All of the questions
Felicia 's Journey takes place behind the eyes of its central a young Irish girl , Felicia , who crosses the sea to England in a hopeful quest to find the father
As long you have your own household in order , fretting about your neighbor 's spending habits is a lot like fretting about the color of his living-room rug . You should
I did not mention Monica in my lecture , but the first question I was asked was how President Clinton could do his job with all the distractions caused by the Monica
Putting aside stage as a horse-drawn conveyance , a popular delicatessen , a part of a rocket , and an opportunity to mock Gail Sheehy ( who seems to get a free
In an increasingly interdependent world , many pressing problems that affect Americans can be addressed only through cooperation with other countries . We should be independent and stay away from talking and
Just as the Daily Worker and New Masses , socialist papers from the 1930s , were peppered with citations of Marx and Engels , Educational Liberator is peppered with references to their
He mostly hangs out with a group of older , Southern black men , who call him Jumper and Black Cat . The group of guys he tends to hang out with
It 's a commitment to general education -- a sequence of courses intended to develop critical thinking in a wide variety of disciplines -- in opposition to early specialization . General education
Richardson 's need to make Picasso into a serious artist and an honorable man ( instead of the inspired poetic rascal he actually was ) deforms , above all , his account
Over the past eight years , the school acquired over $ 88 million of real estate in the Allston section of Boston without revealing its identity to prospective sellers . Over the
But such a show would have meant the museum taking a hard look at its own , often controversial part in the art world . The museum did n't want to look
In a culture where Xena and Hercules have hit TV shows , it 's a lot more fun imagining that you are a valiant warrior doing business-as-battle than it is to admit
The New York Times ' Janet Maslin says the film works precisely because it is derivative -- its stars , Matt Dillon and Gary Sinise , emulate the characters in The Usual
The citizens of the U.S. are supposed to be proud of themselves .
Washington Post reports two attempts by private companies to grow embryos -- a practice banned among federally funded researchers but allowed in the private sector . The Washington Post was the first
By one estimate , Russia 's economic output would more than double if the Russians simply sold off their natural resources instead of trying to make something out of them . It
He has so much experience and , as shown by the last interview , there are a lot of us out there who could benefit from it . It was obvious from
When he married in 1901 , he and his wife ( Olga Knipper of the Moscow Art Theater ) went directly from the ceremony to a honeymoon in a sanitarium . His
Rips was sufficiently enraged by Statistical Science 's acceptance of the rebuttal paper that he retained a lawyer , who advised the journal that the accusations in the article about to be
Chambers developed increasing reservations in his later years about the direction the American right was taking , distancing himself first from Joe McCarthy , then from Richard Nixon , and even from
If food and medical care tripled in cost , people would of necessity spend less on other things to pay for the increase or cut down on the food and medical care
And so there are self-righteous demands for international labor We should not , the opponents of globalization insist , be willing to buy those sneakers and shirts unless the people who make
Gigot thinks the tax fraud proceedings against Hubbell are legitimate and ordinary , while everyone else regards the indictments as trumped-up mini-crimes meant to squeeze Hubbell into giving Starr what he wants
Women are so large a part of the labor force that it is hard to believe that this could be true of the total if it were not also true of women
Randall tells the Enquirer the baby , Jefferson , is named after 19 th century comic actor Joseph Jefferson but does not say if Randall actually attended any of the actor 's
But what about the other editors of the Daily Cal who could n't say they 'd been martyred at a campus once renowned for its leftism ? Some editors of the Daily
Arafat has a distaste for terrorism and wants to be peaceful in america
Insofar as the best Japanese corporations are not the global hegemons we once thought they would be , it may be because everyone else has learned from them , which is of
Oh well , if we 're not destined for matrimony in this lifetime , perhaps circumstances will someday allow me to buy you a beer or Dr Pepper or something . If
Praise goes to Kirstie Alley , who plays an aging ex-model now in the lingerie Less frenetic than Lucy , more mature than Mary ( Richard Corliss , Time ) . The
But if the Chinese did try to buy favor with the Democrats , it may have been because they already owned the Republicans . If the Chinese tried to buy favor with
Republicans face the prospect of running in 1998 with a discredited , unpopular speaker who is nonetheless impossible to dethrone , and with no record of accomplishment . The Republican speaker has
Thus , on close scrutiny , the Zapruder film 's ultimate revelation is that Abraham Zapruder was himself a conspirator . In the Zapruder film is revealed that he was a conspirator
A Utility Maximizer wants to acquire many things , including cash , but also such things as trips to the beach , time to watch TV , adorable grandkids , and (
Time describes the crash landing in vivid detail ( right down to an alien giving first aid to a wounded colleague ) , then concedes that the downed spacecraft was undoubtedly a
Local columnists have pointed out a number of errors and unsubstantiated stories in Davis ' two books about Los City of Quartz ( 1990 ) and Ecology of Fear ( 1998 )
The value of Philly 's program , observes former New Jersey Superior Court Judge Daniel R. Coburn , is that it separates the minnows from the sharks , then holds the minnows
I think Asian economies are doing great .
This is a pity , for his caustic tone and shallow glosses undermine what is a bold and worthy to write a readable one-volume history of the American people . The book
We 're told of Estella 's inner struggle -- of the tug of war between the punishing cock-tease that her aunt has engineered her to be and her inherent decency -- but
We do n't have much leeway around that 'one or two drinks a day , ' he said , and what is n't known is whether encouraging moderate drinking will also encourage
How terrible it is to reach the end of one 's life , Monet had written in 1899 , after the death of the landscapist Alfred Sisley . Monet wrote about the
But the real problem with diGenova and Toensing is n't their pundit addiction or their neglect of an investigation that Democrats would just as soon they neglect anyhow . Both diGenova and
Rupert Murdoch is rumored to be interested in buying it and turning it into a West Coast version of the New York Post . A circulation-hungry Willes vs. the rapacious That 's
It runs advertisements for its supporters at the top of shows and strikes business deals with MCI , TCI , and Disney , but still insists it 's not commercial . It
When agencies lose major accounts , they often fire nearly everyone involved with the account . If an agency loses a big account , it 's not uncommon for them to fire
Today an economy of truth sometimes just means a lie , albeit one whose seriousness may be debatable . Politicians these days have a hard time noticing the difference between an economy
To accomplish this , the board must raise or lower interest rates to bring savings and investment at that target unemployment rate in line with each other . Accomplishing that has been
Dutch World , where all sorts of fictional characters created by Edmund Morris come out to play with children of all ages ! Edmund Morris created a world called Dutch World ,
Or , to put it another way , in the sense of asking an entirely different Is it really a requirement of sophistication that a place provides good bookstores , movies ,
The point of David Frum 's argument in the Gay Marriage dialogue seems to boil down to Look at how severely and for the worse marriage has changed in the last 30
But these vouchers ca n't be the kind conservatives prefer , which are sharply limited in value so as to forestall real integration while directing tenants toward private-sector slums . These vouchers
And ( as Tom wonders in the book 's opening line ) are we all characters in one of God 's dreams ? Tom 's last thought , reflected in the opening
And , as SurfWatch 's promotional literature is happy to point out , filters can help protect management from liability for permitting sexually explicit material in the workplace . In the past
In the big finale , as men and women in tiny swimsuits perform a nearly pornographic water ballet in a giant glass-walled tank , a row of topless showgirls roars onto the
Nor have the rich maintained that audible indicator , that quasi-English , quasi-lockjawed accent that the swells all had in Depression-era movies . The accents in the Depression-era movies are gone because
Featuring prominently in an exhibition at the Tate Gallery in London , it is said to be the bed in which the artist spent a week contemplating suicide after breaking up with
Deputy Attorney General Eric Holder , who suggested that the Justice Department , rather than a biased independent counsel , should investigate Baitgate . Eric Holder predictably suggested that the Justice Department
What the fad for foreign IPOs ignores is the massive uncertainty still attached to foreign markets , even as it has led U.S. investors to overlook everything they take for granted at
Richardson 's need to make Picasso into a serious artist and an honorable man ( instead of the inspired poetic rascal he actually was ) deforms , above all , his account
An independent prosecutor would be a terrible idea .
And as my correspondent reminds us , the people who ran LTCM understood all about this sort of thing -- indeed , those Nobel laureates got their prizes for , guess what
The salient questions , outlined above , are more relative and whether Democratic promises to refrain from spending the surplus are less trustworthy than Republican promises to match tax cuts with spending
If AltaVista 's list of search refinements was generated by a human , for instance , it might be more helpful . If AltaVista 's list of search refinement suggestions were human-generated
One of the drawings on view at MoMA is a diagram of the races , with the Jews identified as circumscised [ sic ] cut off from Earth . Jews think of
And since the pleasure derived from smoking marijuana is a core issue , consider a third Rats do n't like pot . Since the pleasure of smoking marijuana is a key issue
Perhaps they did n't , because they had in mind the conclusion of Aesop 's famous fable -- the one about the mice who decided to protect themselves from their sly and
Some would have big media erect Fifth Columns within their walls , but navel-gazing does n't automatically impress , as the Times-Mirror flagship Los Angeles Times learned after publishing a 30,000-word self-examination
The craziest poor sucker in a group of 20,000 bidders on the Internet is likely to be crazier than the craziest one among 200 in a Burbank hotel ballroom . 120,000 people
[ Y ] ou would probably be traipsing through New York right now , enjoying many misadventures , like a latter-day Ann Marie , Marlo Thomas ' character from the 1966-1971 TV
In the most tragic examples , a charismatic professor will entice them into a lifetime of French medieval history , about which their curiosity is exhausted before they get their Ph.D.s .
Much of the opposition had nothing to do with planned obsolescence and everything to do with concern that the Monsanto 's infertility gene might leap from its seeds to fertile seeds in
A December 1996 article in al-Hayat , an Arab newspaper published in London , asserted that Albright , as a Jew , would be a dangerously pro-Israel secretary of state . The
But her chances for finding a replacement gig dwindle with every lost job and every looming birthday . Every time she loses a job , she has no trouble at all finding
The one area where Stevenson has it correct is that it is increasingly hard to educate young people about the real dangers of drug use . Stevenson is typically wrong , but
Critics chalk up Calder 's previous low standing to the abundance of sculptures he made in the '60s for corporate plazas , which are labeled mostly boring ( Robert Hughes , Time
Penrose licensed the pattern to Pentaplex Ltd. , which manufactures puzzles and games , and now both parties are suing Kimberly-Clark , the original makers of Kleenex , for copyright infringement .
The Giants say that other team owners are rooting against their scheme , because it calls into question the profligate public subsidies . The public subsidies include money used to buy helicopter
The final four of the day were tied at 4 under par going down the back nine , and it was obvious , watching them labor away , unsmiling , that this
Cities will never be important to American politics .
We have talked about this over and over again ( and almost broke up over it several times ) , and she is getting better , but ... This is a problem
There is a subtle sexism in The female domestic tycoon is obliged to behave better than the guys . The Female Domestic Tycoon is sexist because it says that men are better
The author urges both sides to admit defeat and move on . The author did not want to side with either side , as they did not want to cause conflict ,
If car insurance were a tax-free benefit , it would n't be surprising to find employers picking low-cost insurers who make you visit preferred mechanics and skimp on coverage for Land Rovers
Others tow all cars within a one-mile radius , weld closed all manhole covers , remove all trash cans , lock all mailboxes , and assign 7,000 cops to the scene ,
The picture reportedly ended with a shot of black smoke coming out of the stack -- but we 'll never know because The Day the Clown Cried was judged too obscene to
Another theory holds that Asian women in particular have better designed hips than Caucasians , making them like inflatable punching toys that ca n't be knocked down , thus less likely to
The distinction blurs a bit in Fantastic Voyage , the movie where Raquel Welch was part of a medical team shrunk to microscopic size and injected into the body of some guy
It 's that they do n't study with the ferociousness and all-out commitment of people who realize ( or who have parents who realize ) that outstanding school performance is their one
The Israeli press , which historically has respected the agency 's request not to probe its workings , splashed these stories across the front pages . The Israeli press honored the agency
Stephen King dumped his longtime publisher , Viking , and is seeking more than $ 17 million for his new book . Stephen King has a new book , but he is
The best thing for Slate 's two warriors is to give up on permanently on Travelgate and become monks .
Rothko 's journey into literal and figurative darkness left behind a shimmering trail of canvases that mark for many people the high-water mark of spiritual beauty and emotion in modern art .
The camera goes in tight to show the complex emotions and various facial tics playing across Clooney 's handsome mug , and we hear a fusillade of gunfire -- it seems to
At the top of the escalator , the phat lady made a sharp left into a silky hedge of Liz Claiborne blouses to confer with a salesclerk . The phat lady is
Christian Coalition head Pat Robertson described himself in resumes and a published autobiography as a Marine officer assigned to combat duty during the Korean War . Pat Robertson said that he was
All it would take is for a few prominent politicians to stop elevating lobbyists to high office , and to quit taking their calls . It would only require some notable politicians
During a NewsHour discussion of Vernon Jordan 's testimony , Shields comes out with the bizarrely malapropos comment that Vernon Jordan 's elocutionary style reminds him of nothing more than Barbara Jordan
Political consultants have given the edge in this race to the candidate who best addresses concerns about education , economic development , and the security of those who depend on San Antonio
you know during the season and i guess at at your level uh you lose them to the next level if if they decide to recall the the parent team the Braves
yeah i tell you what though if you go price some of those tennis shoes i can see why now you know they 're getting up in the hundred dollar range The
my walkman broke so i 'm upset now i just have to turn the stereo up real loud I 'm upset that my walkman broke and now I have to turn the
and it 's it 's quite a bit i think six something is the state and and uh the rest of the pie goes elsewhere but we 're in a particular part
it really is i heard something that their supposed to be starting a huge campaign in New York about um child abuse and stopping child abuse and it 's supposed to be
i often think gee i wish i had a video camera because i could sure use ten thousand dollars so but i like things like Evening Shade with Burt Reynolds i really
well because how how hot i mean like like in the coldest that it gets in winter down there how much is it It 's hot all the time where I live
they supplied some uh you know they were some groups uh the Vicksburg if you ever get a chance to go over to Vicksburg the battleground at Vicksburg uh there 's an
right right well it 's it 's a beautiful city and but the problem is like first example when i was young they they took me to Las Vegas and that was
and a lot of their rules and regulations are n't real clear so we have our manager of environmental who assist the TACB which is located in Austin in writing and hey
yeah it 's kind of like in Louisiana where that uh guy that 's like a Ku Klux Klan member something got elected kind of scary when you think about that A
i i 'm i 'm not really impressed with i mean i lived in Germany for three years i i was i 'm not impressed with skiing now i like i like
but then we started watching it and and like the new ones are pretty cool because because they got like uh like special like especially things that like fuck with your mind
and they keep taking more money from us yeah people and get and they do n't have any incentive to work if we 're just gon na take fifty percent of it
i guess the financial planners the training now we 've had it for about four years here got our businesses and and and our life in line how to manage credit cards
oh yeah they do that i mean in in in north Texas they do that quite a bit where you know if you want to go to this particular movie or concert
uh it 's but then there 's so many people you get so many different opinions like well you should n't have well i should n't have to have to do this
and if you yeah if you want to so at least you you know you would n't have any surprises you can order any type of you know service you want but
um but i think in time come you 're going to see that happening you 're going to see um where the high risk people pay a premium but they have to
yeah it 's strange because well it it 's not strange because i use to be the same way and i 'm even to this day you know some vegetables really turn
uh stick on those things and they can just all that 's all they have to do i mean that would n't cost a great deal of money and uh It would
yeah yeah glad to see y'all taken care of well the i think what changed everything and uh is uh y'all were y'all the only ones that make any money for TI
oh no well i do n't find a lot of time to watch TV and a lot of the time i find it during the day when i 'm rocking my little
and i was never in a minor league city until i came Dallas we were a minor league city when i came here in fifty nine and i immediately bought season tickets
yeah and i you know i think defense really is what wins wins uh in the long run you can have the best half back there is or the best quarterback but
but i i do n't ever feel the need to dress that warmly i i do n't have to travel that far to work uh what what what what about uh your
i know i am um i do n't know anybody in their right mind that says that that i 'm doing it because i want to i I know there are people
yeah well uh we 're not uh really sailors but i want some summer soon to um hire a sailboat with a captain since we 're not you know versed in that
uh you know if you have a large acid spill you know well gee maybe you better check this person who 's handling all these acids you know i work with a
i think so i do n't know i just uh i 'm unhappy with it but and well i 'm i 'm sort of semi fortunate right now i 'm a graduate
no not near as much as i 'd like to i mean i 've i tend to stay pretty busy at my job and uh If my job was n't so busy
that if i were living in Mexico and trying to raise several children and i could see across the border where the good life would be for my children I believe Mexico
um-hum yeah i end up well yeah i mean i do a lot of like even weekender kind of things i go out for just one or two nights uh it 's
that can be a mess we camped at the beach one time and that was sort of miserable you just could n't everywhere you went there was sand you could n't even
i would sort of like to uh think about something in the way of uh uh sort of a sporty car but not any not you know a luxury type sporty one
and they 're going yes but in general i like to exercise i i like dance a lot so i mean i aerobics is something i 'd hate to give up but
i think on the local elections it 's actually um i think um i think people vote in the larger elections because they feel like well you know the country 's real
and then i have a cauliflower that i would cook garlic bread green salad tea and we 'd have a lemon pie for dessert For your birthday dinner , I will make
oh yeah no that 's uh that 's a that 's a real interesting movie and it 's got a good historical perspective to it That movie was thought to provoke and
my dad 's got a new um i guess it 's an eighty nine or ninety uh Chrysler something or other it 's one those transverse mounted V sixes front wheel drive
right i think we 'd have the same type of problem say with Mexico uh Canada on the other hand uh English is one of their national languages they have We probably
um-hum yeah it takes a lot of concentration i mean it was the type of thing i was i was making some little things for Christmas and i also made a little
and uh i have a few health food stores that i send it to i can buy the cookies in a larger quantity than they can so i can get a deal
and uh when i played softball it was with the church team it was just for fun although the church team we made it to the nationals we were ranked fifteenth in
that it would just have to be a hobby and i 'm i 'm very mechanical and mechanical engineering interested me so i did that and then i you know i did
um-hum yeah it 's kind of it 's kind of strange here the way things go uh here if you have an accident and no one 's injured the police wo n't
but uh Yount has been a he 's a player uh year in year out and always uh is leading the team in uh most of most of their offensive categories Yount
it really is our kids are all grown and gone and away from home so our our new family is the you know our two cats and our dog we never really
no um my husband has a grandmother in a nursing home and that has been a real mess to say the least It 's been a dream once we moved my husband
right yeah i i spend a lot of time down in Charlotte uh and on their just the the regular TV not cable you can pick up four PB or three PBS
Breyiana Breyiana look at me please just a second be quite please i can not hear i will talk to you in just a second go ahead so she went to school
yeah actually when we were up north um but some family things changed so we ended up coming back down here and all that because it helped my husband 's work but
that 's right uh-huh well you know it 's just like you say there 's so much stuff that needs to be done here in this country and uh you know if
yeah but well they vary from from place to place it 's hard to tell you know how well they 've been kept up how old they are and these are probably
um i do n't know i you know i heard a very interesting and maybe it 's just the TV show or movie i was watching they were going through a trial
if a person has done a crime so bad that the jury gives them the death penalty now the Supreme Court says we 've got to give them one appeal okay i
but she seems to me to be you know pretty quick and smart and she 's already reading and writing and stuff like that and she just turned five last month She
yeah these these people they have the big loudspeakers because they have uh democratic system just like ours where they elect their mayors and their councilmens it 's really kind of funny
no i 've uh you you can rent people 's kiln they they uh you take your pieces to their house or their ceramic shop and uh pay them there 's one
well another thing that we 've noticed that 's uh changed over the years and uh we 're not really sure exactly what we 're going what we want to do with
oh yeah they they spent more money last year than any other team in the in the league and they were you know toward the bottom of the league uh so it
so i i know the people at TI who are doing this and i heard about it so i called them and ask if i could could participate and uh I do
you 're very fortunate well i ran into a problem with my car uh course we have a little colder weather up here and i had set the emergency brake after we
so we took the wiring harness out and the engine and the transmission and everything else and we put it into the the the shell that was burned we had the shell
we can hook it into our uh a video or uh stereo system and uh put music to the film and that will cut out all the background the noise of the
i think if you know the cities locally you know they 'd get more programs going so that you could do that it 'd make it a lot easier so If the
uh i 'm i 'm not real sure that the young girls of today are being forced into the job market as many of them imply i think they 're going in
yeah uh-huh yeah we 're not too far behind i graduated in seventy one so i 'm i 'm same generation i i 'm it 's going to be a short conversation
yeah well about that same time branches were falling off ev erywhere and we were actually in a state of emergency for two weeks Branches that have fallen littered the driveways and
and uh you know people say you know it 's expensive for to send kids to college but if if an everybody would be a little bit responsible you know it 's
yeah yeah well i have we have a uh recreation center which is almost right across the street from our uh office we have access to a recreation center which is pretty
that get the kind of control that 's bad you know and that their governments can become so corrupt and it 's like well uh you know i use to feel like
but i like Bradshaw as a quarterback and i think uh Joe Montana 's probably one of the finest and John Elway i believe that fellow if he had some different people
oh so what they 're doing they 're discounting for cash is the way they 're because i think it is illegal to add a surcharge so Adding a surcharge was abused
yes um-hum uh but you know back to the idea of parents i my my personal feelings is that parents need to be taking more responsibility i think the way i like
yeah we do that too we 're fortunate though this year somehow how it 's only March and we 've already used up our entire amount i do n't know if that
you know twenty dollars for tests and forty dollars for this and and you know and it creeps up on you you do n't know that you know you really you you
yeah that 's easy to do it 's very easy to do and it 's i do n't it do you find it easier to i mean do with a budget do
and it was summertime the air conditioner was on the door was closed and i could n't knock because i had to hold the jack with the other hand i finally with
either either do i they they i do n't know i do n't know how anybody can fall into this you get cash back and buy into that because I have fallen
uh uh my husbands retired but he 's not a gardener he he he 's been helping me more but he really is n't real uh real crazy about gardening My husband
yeah i do n't mind the heat that much it does n't bother me that much cold weather i just i do n't know i just ca n't tolerate too much with
i had stuff for like Sanger Harris and you know it got up like to couple of hundred dollars and i thought well that 's okay cause all they wanted was ten
it is comforting to me to see uh more concern about some of these things that that cost us money especially when we have dwindling uh resources such as oil that 's
right yeah yeah no i i agree with you there though i mean they want to choose that particular religion then that 's fine with me too you know as long as
i told my husband well is this weird because see what people do n't understand is even the people that work in the nursing home they will get old one day I
i like it and what i 've been thinking about doing is volunteering for this uh Asian center that a Doctor Falk has started that works with the school district and doing
you know i mean that 's the kind of things you know people that she 's keeping and showing that this was a big waste of time it was a waste of
restoration to his home i think that was called back because of all the flack they received but but that 's the another one of the big examples of why we 're
and uh we do this for the community they put those on so i so i think you know we 're probably reaching a successful stage and and just with voluntary i
i really do n't watch that much TV what i do is i tape the programs i want to watch and then on the nights i can watch i 'll pick out
oh yeah yeah it 's um well of course on the green card you have to pay it when the bill comes in so there is n't any but on the Optima
you know having the time when you have younger ones to take care of you maybe sometimes do not take as much time for the older ones but uh we were we
well the the problem i had with the movie was the problem i 've had with a lot of uh i guess Hollywood movies which is you know it 's a formula
to just to see all these things that you can can see on television now and can read about that ten years ago we did n't have this kind of information i
and you know it 's it 's really annoying when the i asked the defense attorney later why he did n't bring up all this other trouble the guy had been in
and i had the book and i had n't read it in so long so i read it the other day to see if i could so i can watch the movie
oh really huh do you do they um have a policy where they counsel people if they come back positive or do they fire them right away or I have heard that
i i it 's okay to watch people go out and break their legs but i 'm not going to climb on a couple of pieces of wood and go racing down
and i talked to someone about the uh the uh education system i forget exactly what the focus was on that one but that was fairly interesting and i 've talked to
But a few Christian mosaics survive above the apse is the Virgin with the infant Jesus , with the Archangel Gabriel to the right ( his companion Michael , to the left
At the end of Rue des Francs-Bourgeois is what many consider to be the city 's most handsome residential square , the Place des Vosges , with its stone and red brick
Thebes held onto power until the 12th Dynasty , when its first king , Amenemhet Iwho reigned between 1980 1951 b.c . established a capital near Memphis . The capital near Memphis
They 're made from a secret recipe handed down to the present-day villagers by their Mallorcan ancestors , who came here in the early 17th century as part of an official repopulation
And in another shift in the economy , it was found that lamb could be raised more cost-effectively on lowland farms in part because of the richer , more nutritious grazing land
Almost every hill has to the northeast there 's a Moorish fort ; no fewer than four ruined fortresses guard the harbour entrance ; and two more , still in good repair
In the crypt are interred the remains of Voltaire and Rousseau , Hugo and Zola , assassinated Socialist leader Jean Jaurys , and Louis Braille , the inventor of the alphabet for
And to show just how fast Japan 's new rulers were catching on , two punitive expeditions were launched against Korea and China in the grand manner of 19th-century gunboat diplomacy .
In summer the rice forms a green velvety blanket , then turns golden in autumn when it ripens and is harvested . The rice is golden and harvestable in the summer ,
To be sure that any needlework item is the genuine article ( as opposed to an inferior import or machine-made piece ) , look for a lead seal with an M ,
The road to Jaisalmer is bumpy and unpleasant to ride on .
It displays all kinds of vehicles , from the coach that carried Napoleon to and from Moscow in 1812 to a splendid 4-horsepower Renault car from 1904 and other turn-of-the-century classics .
Paris was unhappy to have to surrender to the Germans .
Among these are the red brick Royal Palace , which now houses the Patan Museum ( Nepal 's finest and most modern museum ) , and , facing the palace across the
To be sure that any needlework item is the genuine article ( as opposed to an inferior import or machine-made piece ) , look for a lead seal with an M ,
the uncompromising Vel ? zquez portrait of ugly Queen Marianna of Austria ; El Greco 's powerfully mystic Christ on the Crose Ribera 's gruesomely good-humored The Club Foot . El Greco
There are good road connections between Sant Antoni and both CaleT ? rida and CaleBadella , with the result that both bays have now been developed . With the good road connections
Workers carve sculptures and paint scrolls with great enthusiasm .
The house is very large and boasts over ten bedrooms , a huge kitchen , and a full sized olympic pool .
Once , Las Vegas showrooms were filled with top entertainment headliners , comedians , production shows , and dancing girls that could be enjoyed at a very low price . Due to
On the mainland , an invasion of even greater significance followed in 1580 , when Philip II of Spain proclaimed himself king of Portugal and marched his armies across the border .
This involves a morning or afternoon of theory and shallow-water work , giving you an opportunity to try out the basic techniques before committing yourself a full open-water course . You wo
Continue along this road to reach the pretty coastal town of Molyvos ( also known by its ancient name , Mithymna ) , a popular spot for tourists . Molyvos is a
Lorenzo the Magnificent and brother Giuliano lie in simple tombs beneath the sculptor 's Madonna and Child , flanked by lesser artists ' statues of the family patron saints Cosmas and Damian
But you will find fishermen , many of whom are direct descendants of some 600 Genoese mercenaries King Charles III rescued from captivity on Tunisia 's Tabarka Island , hence the name
Leave the river briefly to loop east around Talcy , with its Romanesque church and the 13th-century chateau of Thizy , before ending your trip at Montr ? ? al . It
The number of Arawak had already fallen dramatically , so the Spanish began to import slaves from Africa to work the land ; the first Africans arrived in 1517 . The Spanish
Traditionally a poor island , the native population has happily embraced the new seasonal lifestyle that has brought them proserity , and the old ways have almost completely disappeared . The old
Below the Rond-Point , the mood changes and a pleasant park leads you past two the Petit Palais , all steel and glass , and the Grand Palais . The mood changes
Four sikhara domes rise above the entrance-porch in addition the mandapa hall for worshippers ; a larger hall for dancing-girls ; and the inner sanctuary , surrounded by an ambulatory for walking
The only adult males allowed in the Harem were the Black Eunuchs , who were in charge of security and administration . The Black Eunuchs were responsible for the security and administration
Kofukuji 's many surviving artworks and artifacts are housed in its newest building , the Museum of National Treasures , a fireproof repository built in 1958 to honor Kofukuji 's immense cultural
The Ottoman Empire surrendered when World War I ended the following year , and , following a declaration by the League of Nations ( the forerunner to the United Nations ) ,
The Las Vegas Motor Speedway continues to be the city 's top tourist attraction .
Since 1917 , Grand Central Market ( at 317 South Broadway ) has provided the city with a daily cornucopia of enticing fresh produce , fish , poultry , meat , and
Meanwhile , lawyers were at a premium Indians love litigation and it was ideal training for future politicians and politics had been clandestine , because it was so often fatal to express
Five fork restaurants are rated higher because they are more popular and have celebrity appearances .
Kuala Kangsar has long been famous for Malay College , set amid spacious grounds near the center of town , a prestigious and exclusive school for the Malay aristocracy since it was
The caliph was still a very important position of power .
If you are looking for a different options you can take your charter ship to one of the less popular islands nearby .
Now , the resort and hotel complex is variously described as simply noisy to a one-stop destination for fantasy , excitement , and adventure ; your conclusion obviously depends on your point
Given the extent of wealth it has brought to the country , it is not surprising to have a Natural Rubber Museum , which opened since 1992 at the Rubber Research Institute
Most organized tours generally include a night at a gazino as part of the package ; otherwise you can book a table through your hotel or through a travel agent . No
Tourists can view the company of handweavers work , but the historic company have less distinctive products now due to becoming a popular attraction .
In the southeast corner of the courtyard is the Turkish Sultana 's House , or Hujra-i-Anup Talao ( the Chamber of the Peerless Pool ) ; animals covering every wall panel and
Town End is full of wonderful artifacts from 17th-century daily life , such as cooking utensils bowls , pans , crockery , and hooks to hang hare and pheasants rag rugs made
The show is at its best on weekend afternoons , with everything from beach boys on unicycles to rock musicians on roller blades . The show is still pretty good in the
Flanked by some of the city 's most stylish fashion boutiques and shoe stores , the quarter 's main street retains the commercial tradition of its medieval name , Via de '
The steps which link the burial chamber to the entrance are quite dangerous to walk on .
Kagoshima dominates the head of a deep indentation at the southern tip of Kyushu , and its harbor has played a prominent role in Japanese military history . The southern tip of
The New Territories can be explored by taking the Kowloon Canton Railway ( KCR ) , which makes 10 stops between the station in Kowloon and Sheung Shui , the last stop
Malaysia is filled with so many natural and man-made wonders that 's set to go beyond its tourist 's expectations .
Three centuries later , not that much has changed ' a score of international banks have their offices here , along with celebrated jewelers , the Ministry of Justice , and the
Today , the Loire is a sleepy waterway , running deep only with heavy rains or spring thaws , and its sandbanks and mud flats become islands during the summer . The
Situated 85 km ( 53 miles ) northwest of Paris by the A13 , D181 , and D5 , or by train from Gare St-Lazare to Vernon with a shuttle bus from
Reservations for hotels , jungle lodges , and flights to and within Nepal can be hard to confirm in the busiest seasons if you wait too long . There is no touristic
Then after everyone 's gone , stay on to see the marvelous 13th-century sculpted Angel 's Pillar ( Pilier des Anges ) in peace . There is always a large crowd of
As Krishna , he is usually depicted with a blue face , an after-effect of swallowing a poison that threatened the world , and is often represented playing a flute or sporting
As European power-brokering turned into World War I , Egypt became vital to the British , being close to the enemy Ottoman heartland , and allowing quick passage through the Suez Canal
Today , a visit to the quarries , just outside town , reveals some of the secrets of how the ancient Egyptians worked the stone . Visiting the quarries is a great
That first glimpse of the towering , steepled abbey rising from the sea on its rock is a moment you will not forget . Most people who have viewed the abbey rising
The numerous six-pointed stars set in the abutments of the main arches are not the Jewish Star of David but an esoteric emblem that you 'll see all over the country .
The city is known for being really huge .
Near the centrally located Japan Railways station is the first sign of the Portuguese role in the city 's fascinating history . There is a sign near the railway station that depicts
You wo n't envy the men and women you see working in the fields under the blazing sun , but they 're never too tired to return your wave with a smile
The city also has more than a dozen specialized book shops ; two of the most famous are the Bodhi Tree on Melrose which carries metaphysical and New Age titles , and
People will tend to sell you fake jade , which is hard to distinguish from the real article .
On boulevard des Capucines , retrace the footsteps of Renoir , Manet , and Pissarro as they took their paintings to Nadar 's house , signposted at number 35 , for the
At the opposite extreme are massive , almost riotous processions of thousands of bellowing , sweat-drenched men fighting to carry a huge portable shrine through the streets to a symbolic destination .
One of the most popular excursions from the Aegean resorts goes to the spectacular travertine terraces of Pamukkale ( the Cotton Castle ) , which lie above the town of Denizli ,
There is now a chapel occupying the site , which has long been a place of pilgrimage , but the building 's foundations may date from the first century . The site
For those who like other horse-riding activities , there is also an equestrian center that organizes exhilarating rides on the beach and trips along guided trails through the surrounding hills . Horses
On the right , you 'll come to the Art Deco Byzantine-style tower of the YMCA , designed by the firm that also planned New York 's Empire State Building . The
The other half is where the gamblers come from , how they arrive here , and how they are served once they arrive . The other half is where the gamblers like
A short distance north of Timna Park is the Hai Bar Wildlife Reserve , where rare and endangered indigenous animals are bred for eventual release back into the wild . The Hai
More a part of Europe than ever before , Spain joined the European Community ( now European Union ) in 1986 , giving further boost to a booming economy . Spain still
The Hebrew University and the Hadassah Medical Centre were built on Mount Scopus beginning in 1925 and became the pride of the Jewish community in Palestine under British control . The Hadassah
They built many impressive churches during the term of the first Latin Kingdom of Jerusalem , but in 1187 they were driven out by Muslim forces under the great warrior Saladin .
Despite occasional tensions , perhaps inevitable in times of economic uncertainty , today French people increasingly recognize that the immigrants from France 's departements in the West Indies and from former colonies
You can take a ferryboat through the harbor , past the ingenious Plover Cove reservoir , a water catchment area appropriated by damming and draining a broad inlet from the sea .
A remnant of the second century a.d. wall that once supported the Temple Mount , this is the most revered place in the world for the Jewish faith . The remnant of
A narrow cobbled trail of 587 steps leads from the town to the small port below , now the domain of a fleet of donkeys that wait to carry cruise ship passengers
From a population of 20,000 it has grown into a metropolis of 2.5 million , with tightly clustered skyscrapers and some of China 's highest groseng industries . Its population has increased
The king himself died here in 1598 , to be buried in a family tomb beneath the high altar of the basilica . The king died in 1598 and was buried in
The cape itself is the haunt of wild goats and the site of an isolated lighthouse and a watchtower , built high above the sea . The cape contains wild goats and
Wearing a towel and bath-clogs , you will be shown to the steamy marble washroom , where buckets of hot water will be poured over you before an attendant sets to work
If you 've fallen in love with Italian coffee , why not buy a compact version of the espresso machine or packaged roasted beans ? Unfortunately there is no way to make
Saved from the plant over-growth in the past two decades , 12 km ( 7 miles ) from Ipoh is Kellie 's Castle , a mansion whose construction was halted when its
You can spot , set in the stone walls , little sculpted heads of angels or demons , floral motifs , or the scallop shell ( coquille Saint-Jacques ) marking the route
Want to catch up on the hottest independent film , pay a mere $ 3 for a held-over feature at the Lowe 's Cineplex Fairfax , grab a few air-conditioned hours with
The painterly impact of the burnt sienna glows from the arcaded Gothic Palazzo Pubblico opposite , with its splendid 102-m- ( 335-ft- ) high Torre del Mangia ( climb to its first
When the Arabs took the country from the east they brought a new religion , art , and society that swept away much of what had come before . The arabs only
The most distinguished place for modern Irish crafts and jewelry is DesignYard on Essex Street in Temple Bar everything here is of high quality . The jewelry in DesignYard is often of
Although Israel is only now 50 years old , the roots of its three prime religious faiths ( Juda ? ism , Islam , and Christianity ) stretch back over many millennia
Most people approach Provence from the north ; the warmth of the sun , the red-tiled roofs , the cypress trees , the garrigue ( scrubland ) , and the fragrance of
In 1979 Egypt became the first Arab state to recognize the state of Israel other Arab states were aghast and internal opposition to Sadat grew . Egypt became the first Arab state
If , after concluding a deal , you try to pay with a credit card , he may then boost the price in order to cover the card charges . If you
After Cook 's voyage , a small but steady flow of American and European vessels , already engaged in the China trade , started to use Hawaii as a convenient , much-needed
One curiosity is a charred electric light fixture and bulb that somehow continued to work for 62 years until it suddenly stopped one day in 1964 . The light fixture stopped working
Although Asian Americans live throughout Los Angeles County , there are several special cultural and shopping enclaves that deserve visitors ' special attention . The population of Asian Americans in Los Angeles
